# a4-spatial_intelligence-1

a4-spatial_intelligence-1 created by GitHub Classroom

Credit: Built on the framework of https://github.com/civisanalytics/d3_tutorial

This is the Project Spatial Intelligence and we are Fei, Zidong, and Zihui!

## About data
Our project is based on a real scenario, which our early-stage startup is currently working on. As we know, we already have mature systems for online shopping analysis but still, heavily rely on empiricism when it comes to offline shopping.  So we focused on analyzing customer and brand features in physical shopping malls. 

Here is our project so far. The first thing we want you to see is the general tendency of different groups of people visiting different store types. Here the color represents different types of business and the yaxis represents the percentage of the customer type. If you want to go to detail and explore the specific brand, you can hover at some point, you can see the connecting line, which means this is a single store’s data across different time. We also have a tooltip here. You can see which brand it is, which floor it is located on, and the specific value of all connecting points. You can click to make it stay. Here we can see generally, more male customers like electronics products.  If you feel the visualization is too crowded, you can drag the toggle of the slider. We did not implement vertical slider intentionally. Because we found two sliders with four toggles could be annoying. It took several steps to view what you want. So we made the vertical range automatically adjusted. We can also switch to other tags, for example, teenager rate. Here the brand that has the biggest value is Lynn&Milo, which is a brand for children’s wear I believe. 

The data we used is generated by the 400 surveillance cameras of the HopsonOne mall in Beijing. Firstly, we took some measures to desensitize data, in compliance with local policy and laws. Secondly, we took out two exiting tables, the store information table and the kpis table of each store on a daily basis . Thirdly, we did some exploratory data analysis, filtered out 0 and null values. Also, in order for the visualization not to be too crowded, we went through a selection process. We selected the Febrary data because it has fewer missing values and outliers. We only selected a few customer tags that have a perceptible difference like a female, teenager, enter rate. At last, we translated, joined, and converted the data and got this final table.

There are still many details to be polished but this is the general framework we are working on. The first thing on our to-do list is to add filter option so users can choose what color represents. For example, I might be more interested in business type. Maybe I care more about which floor the brands are located. I want to know what types of customers are willing to visit the higher floor. Second, we would add more user-friendly interaction. For example, now we can only use the slider to zoom in. It would be more convenient to use the mouse wheel. Third, the necessary details, like legend, color scheme, credit and sources etc. We would love to hear your thoughts on our project, especially whether you could understand the visualization and what interesting interaction we could add. Thanks for your attention.

A rationale for your design decisions. How did you choose your particular visual encodings, interaction, and animation techniques? What alternatives did you consider and how did you arrive at your ultimate choices?
An overview of your development process. Describe how the work was split among the team members. Include a commentary on the development process, including answers to the following questions: Roughly how much time did you spend developing your application (in people-hours)? What aspects took the most time?